Introduce CIS2 (#24)
Concordium/concordium-update-proposals: source/CIS/cis-2.rst

  Address ::= (0: Byte) (address: AccountAddress)
            | (1: Byte) (address: ContractAddress)

.. _CIS-2-Receiver:

``Receiver``
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The receiving address of a transfer, which is either an account address or a contract address.
In the case of a contract address: a name of the hook receive function to invoke is also needed.

It is serialized as: First byte indicates whether it is an account address or a contract address.
In case the first byte is 0 then ``AccountAddress`` (``address``) is followed.
In case the first byte is 1 then ``ContractAddress`` (``address``), bytes for :ref:`CIS-2-ReceiveHookName` (``hook``) is followed::

    Receiver ::= (0: Byte) (address: AccountAddress)
               | (1: Byte) (address: ContractAddress) (hook: ReceiveHookName)

.. _CIS-2-AdditionalData:

``AdditionalData``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Additional bytes to include in a transfer, which can be used to add additional parameters for the transfer function call.

It is serialized as: the first 2 bytes encode the length (``n``) of the data, followed by this many bytes for the data (``data``)::

  AdditionalData ::= (n: Byte²) (data: Byteⁿ)

.. note::

>   This type is passed in a parameter for smart contract function calls.

Author: The type is passed as part of a parameter and not as "whole" parameter, which is why the use of _in_.
I have tried to change the phrasing to emphasize this now.

Response
~~~~~~~~

The function output is a list of token metadata URLs.

It is serialized as: 2 bytes for the number of queries (``n``) and then this number of :ref:`CIS-2-MetadataUrl` (``results``)::

  TokenMetadataResultParameter ::= (n: Byte²) (results: MetadataUrlⁿ)

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- The number of results in the response MUST correspond to the number of the queries in the parameter.
- The order of results in the response MUST correspond to the order of queries in the parameter.
- The contract function MUST NOT increase or decrease the balance of any address for any token type.
- The contract function MUST NOT add or remove any operator for any address.
- The contract function MUST reject if any of the queries fail:

  - A query MUST fail if the token ID is unknown.

Logged events
-------------

The idea of the logged events for this specification is for off-chain applications to be able to track balances and operators without knowledge of the contract-specific implementation details.

> For this reason it is important to log events in any functionality of the token contract which modifies balances or operators.

Author: I would find this a bit unclear, since the sentence have both a log event and a contract event.
But I do see the problem with the current phrasing.

> For this reason it is important to log events in any functionality of the token contract which modifies balances or operators.

Author: What about:
```
For this reason, it is important for the token contract to log the appropiate event anytime it modifies balances or operators.
```

The ``BurnEvent`` event is serialized as: first a byte with the value of 253, followed by the token ID :ref:`CIS-2-TokenID` (``id``), an amount of tokens being burned :ref:`CIS-2-TokenAmount` (``amount``) and the owner address of the tokens :ref:`CIS-2-Address` (``from``)::

  BurnEvent ::= (253: Byte) (id: TokenID) (amount: TokenAmount) (from: Address)

.. _CIS-2-event-updateOperator:

``UpdateOperatorEvent``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The event to log when updating an operator of some address.

The ``UpdateOperatorEvent`` event is serialized as: first a byte with the value of 252, followed by a ``OperatorUpdate`` (``update``), then the owner address updating an operator :ref:`CIS-2-Address` (``owner``) and an operator address :ref:`CIS-2-Address` (``operator``) being added or removed::

  UpdateOperatorEvent ::= (252: Byte) (update: OperatorUpdate) (owner: Address) (operator: Address)

.. _CIS-2-event-tokenMetadata:

``TokenMetadataEvent``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The event to log when setting the metadata url for a token type.

It consists of a token ID and a URL (:rfc:`3986`) for the location of the metadata for this token type with an optional SHA256 checksum of the content.

> Logging the ``TokenMetadataEvent`` event again with the same token ID, is used to update the metadata location and only the most recently logged token metadata event for certain token id should be used to get the token metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging the ``TokenMetadataEvent`` event again with the same token ID, is used to update the metadata location and only the most recently logged token metadata event for a certain token id should be used to get the token metadata.
```

> The ``TokenMetadataEvent`` event is serialized as: first a byte with the value of 251, followed by the token ID :ref:`CIS-2-TokenID` (``id``) and then a :ref:`CIS-2-MetadataUrl` (``metadata``)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``TokenMetadataEvent`` event is serialized as: first a byte with the value of 251, followed by the token ID :ref:`CIS-2-TokenID` (``id``), and then a :ref:`CIS-2-MetadataUrl` (``metadata``)::
```

  TokenMetadataEvent ::= (251: Byte) (id: TokenID) (metadata: MetadataUrl)

.. note::

>   Be aware of the limit on the number of logs per smart contract function call, which currently is 64, and also the byte size limit on each logged event, which currently is 512 bytes.

Reviewer: Log limit

  With the largest possible token ID and a content hash included; the URL can be up to 220 bytes.

.. _CIS-2-rejection-errors:

Rejection errors
----------------

A smart contract following this specification MAY reject using the following error codes:

.. list-table::
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Name
    - Error code
    - Description
  * - INVALID_TOKEN_ID
    - -42000001
    - A provided token ID it not part of this token contract.
  * - INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS
    - -42000002
    - An address balance contains insufficient amount of tokens to complete some transfer of a token.
  * - UNAUTHORIZED
    - -42000003
    - Sender is unauthorized to call this function. Note authorization is not mandated anywhere in this specification, but can still be introduced on top of the standard.

Rejecting using an error code from the table above MUST only occur in a situation as described in the corresponding error description.

The smart contract implementing this specification MAY introduce custom error codes other than the ones specified in the table above.

Token metadata JSON
-------------------

> The token metadata is stored off chain and MUST be a JSON (:rfc:`8259`) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token metadata is stored off-chain and MUST be a JSON (:rfc:`8259`) file.
```

    - Description
  * - ``name`` (optional)
    - string
    - The name to display for the token type.
  * - ``symbol`` (optional)
    - string
    - Short text to display for the token type.
  * - ``decimals`` (optional)
    - number [``integer``]
    - The number of decimals, when displaying an amount of this token type in a user interface.
      If the decimal is set to ``d`` then a token amount ``a`` should be displayed as ``a * 10^(-d)``
  * - ``description`` (optional)
    - string
    - A description for this token type.
  * - ``thumbnail`` (optional)
    - URL JSON object
    - An image URL to a small image for displaying the asset.
  * - ``display`` (optional)
    - URL JSON object
    - An image URL to a large image for displaying the asset.
  * - ``artifact`` (optional)
    - URL JSON object
    - A URL to the token asset.
  * - ``assets`` (optional)
    - JSON array of Token metadata JSON objects
    - Collection of assets.
  * - ``attributes`` (optional)
    - JSON array of Attribute JSON objects
    - Assign a number of attributes to the token type.
      Attributes can be used to include extra information about the token type.
  * - ``localization`` (optional)

>     - JSON object with locales as field names (:rfc:`5646`) and field values are URL JSON object to JSON files.

Reviewer: Perhaps? If not, then rephrase, as it is not exactly clear.
```suggestion
    - JSON object with locales as field names (:rfc:`5646`) and field values are URL JSON objects linking to JSON files.
```

>     - URL's to JSON files with localized token metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - URLs to JSON files with localized token metadata.
```

Optionally a SHA256 hash of the JSON file can be logged with the TokenMetadata event for checking integrity.

> Since the metadata json file could contain URLs, a SHA256 hash can optionally be associated with the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the metadata JSON file could contain URLs, a SHA256 hash can optionally be associated with the URL.
```

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "description": "CIS2 indpakket CCD"
  }

Example token metadata: Non-fungible
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An example of token metadata for a NFT could be:

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "name": "Bibi - The Ryan Cat",
    "description": "Ryan cats are lonely creatures travelling the galaxy in search of their ancestors and true inheritance",
    "thumbnail": { "url": "https://location.of/the/thumbnail.png" },
    "display": { "url": "https://location.of/the/display.png" },
    "attributes": [{
      "type": "date",
      "name": "Birthday",
      "value": "1629792199610"
    }, {
      "type": "string",
      "name": "Body",
      "value": "Strong"
    }, {
      "type": "string",
      "name": "Head",
      "value": "Round"
    }, {
      "type": "string",
      "name": "Tail",
      "value": "Short"
    }],
    "localization": {
      "da-DK": {
        "url": "https://location.of/the/danish/metadata.json",
        "hash": "588d7c14883231cfee522479cc66565fd9a50024603a7b8c99bd7869ca2f0ea3"
      }
    }
  }

The danish localization JSON file could be:

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "name": "Bibi - Ryan katten",

>     "description": "Ryan katte er ensomme væsner, som rejser rundt i galaxen søgende efter deres forfædre og sande fortid"

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
    "description": "Ryan katte er ensomme væsner, som rejser rundt i galaxen søgende efter deres forfædre og sande arv"
```

  }

Smart contract limitations
==========================

A number of limitations are important to be aware of:

- Smart contract function parameters are limited to 1 KiB.
- Each logged event is limited to 0.5 KiB.

> - The number of logged events is limited to 64 per contract function invocation.

Author: That is also how I would interprete it.

per contract _function_ invocation.

But it might be better to use _invoke calls_ since we have moved from message passing.
What do you think?

- The total size of the smart contract module is limited to 512 KiB.

Decisions and rationale
=======================

In this section we point out some of the differences from other popular token standards found on other blockchains, and provide reasons for deviating from them in CIS2.

> Token ID bytes instead an integer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token ID bytes instead of integers
```

---------------------------------

Token standards such as ERC721 and ERC1155 both use a 256-bit unsigned integer (32 bytes) for the token ID, to support using something like a SHA256 hash for the token ID.
But in the case where the token ID have no significance other than a simple identifier, smaller sized token IDs can reduce energy costs.

> This is why we chose to let the first byte indicate the size of the token ID, meaning a token ID can vary between 1 byte and 256 bytes, resulting in more than 10^614 possible token IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is why we chose to let the first byte indicate the size of the token ID, meaning a token ID can vary between 1 byte and 256 bytes. The latter allows more than 10^614 possible token IDs.
```

Or perhaps:
```suggestion
This is why we chose to let the first byte indicate the size of the token ID, meaning a token ID can vary between 1 byte and 256 bytes, allowing up to more than 10^614 possible token IDs.
```

Only batched transfers
----------------------

The specification only has a ``transfer`` smart contract function which takes list of transfer and no function for a single transfer.
This will result in lower energy cost compared to multiple contract calls and only introduces a small overhead for single transfers.

> The reason for not also including a single transfer function is to have smaller smart contract modules, which in turn leads to saving cost on every function call.

Reviewer 2: Can you also add that there is "only transferFrom" (which is the transfer) since that was apparently not clear.

Author: Sure thing.
FYI transfer in CIS2 is even more general than `transferFrom` and `batchTransferFrom` in ERC721 and ERC1155, because these only have a single sender and receiver, and only allow you to transfer a list of tokens and amounts.

No explicit authorization
-------------------------

The specification does not mandate any authorization scheme and one might expect a requirement for the owner and operators being authorized to transfer tokens.

> This is very much intentional and the reasoning for this is to keep the specification focused on the interface for transferring token ownership with as few restrictions as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is intentional and the reason for this is to keep the specification focused on the interface for transferring token ownership with as few restrictions as possible.
```

Having a requirement that only owners and operators can transfer would prevent introducing any other authorization scheme on top of this specification.

Adding a requirement for owners and operators being authorized to transfer tokens would prevent introducing custom contract logic rejecting transfers, such as limiting the daily transfers, temporary token lockups or non-transferrable tokens.

Instead, this specification includes a requirement to ensure transfers by operators are executed as if they are sent by the owner, meaning whenever a token owner is authorized, so is an operator of the owner.

> Most contracts implementing this specification should probably add some authorization and not have anyone being able to transfer any token, but this is not in the scope of this standard.

Reviewer: `not have anyone being able to transfer any token` is not so clear. Could you rephrase it? 😊

The main argument is simplicity and to save energy cost on common cases, but other reasons are:

- Token-level operators require the token smart contract to track more state, which increases the overall energy cost.
- For token smart contracts with a lot of token types, such as a smart contract with a large collection of NFTs, token-level operators could become very expensive.
- For fungible tokens; `approval/allowance introduces an attack vector <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YLPtQxZu1UAvO9cZ1O2RPXBbT0mooh4DYKjA_jp-RLM/edit>`_.

.. note::

  The specification does not prevent adding more fine-grained authorization, such as token-level operators.

Receive hook function
---------------------

The specification requires a token receive hook to be called on a smart contract receiving tokens, this will in some cases prevent mistakes such as sending tokens to smart contracts which do not define behavior for receiving tokens.
These token could then be lost forever.

The reason for this not being optional is to allow other smart contracts which integrate with a token smart contract to rely on this for functionality.

.. warning::

>   The smart contract receive hook function could be called by any smart contract and it is up to the integrating contract whether to trust the token contract.

Reviewer: It could be any caller, not just a token contract.
```suggestion
  The smart contract receive hook function could be called by any smart contract and it is up to the integrating contract whether to trust the caller.
```

Receive hook function callback argument
---------------------------------------

The name of the receive hook function called on a smart contract receiving tokens is supplied as part of the parameter.
This allows for a smart contract integrating with a token smart contract to have multiple hooks and leave it to the caller to know which hook they want to trigger.

> Another technical reason is that the name of the smart contract is part of the smart contract receive function name, which means the specification would include a requirement of the smart contract name for others to integrate reliably.

Reviewer 2: As pointed out above, this rationale no longer applies. So this paragraph needs to be removed.

No sender hook function
-----------------------

> The FA2 token standard found on Tezos, allows for a hook function to be called on a smart contract sending tokens, such that the contract could reject the transfer on some criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FA2 token standard found on Tezos allows for a hook function to be called on a smart contract sending tokens, such that the contract can reject the transfer on some criteria.
```

> This seems to only make sense, if some operator is transferring tokens from a contract, in which case the sender smart contract might as well contain the logic to transfer the tokens and trigger this directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This seems to only make sense if some operator is transferring tokens from a contract, in which case the sender smart contract might as well contain the logic to transfer the tokens and trigger this directly.
```

Explicit events for mint and burn
---------------------------------

ERC20, ERC721 and ERC1155 use a transfer event from or to the zero address to indicate mint and burn respectively, but since there are no such thing as the zero address on the Concordium blockchain these events are separate.
Making it more explicit instead of special case transfer events.

No error code for receive hook rejecting
----------------------------------------

The specification could include an error code for the receive hook function to return if rejecting the token transferred (as seen in the `FA2 standard <https://gitlab.com/tezos/tzip/-/blob/master/proposals/tzip-12/tzip-12.md#error-handling>`_ on Tezos).
But we chose to leave this error code up to the receiving smart contract, which allows for more informative error codes.

Adding SHA256 checksum for token metadata event
-----------------------------------------------

A token can optionally include a SHA256 checksum when logging the token metadata event, this is to ensure the integrity of the token metadata.
This checksum can be updated by logging a new event.

Differences from CIS1
---------------------

> Only the query functions :ref:`CIS-2-functions-balanceOf`, :ref:`CIS-2-functions-operatorOf` and :ref:`CIS-2-functions-tokenMetadata` are different from CIS1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the query functions :ref:`CIS-2-functions-balanceOf`, :ref:`CIS-2-functions-operatorOf`, and :ref:`CIS-2-functions-tokenMetadata` differ from CIS1.
```

> The query functions in CIS1 use a callback pattern to output the result of a query, but starting from Concordium smart contract v1; a smart contract receive function can output bytes back to the function caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query functions in CIS1 use a callback pattern to output the result of a query, but starting from Concordium smart contract v1 a smart contract receive function can output bytes back to the invoker.
```

CIS2 uses this output instead of a callback pattern to return the query result.

> Using output instead of callbacks require less energy and will reduce contract code needed for querying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using output instead of callbacks requires less energy and will reduce the contract code needed for querying.
```

> In CIS1 the callback result includes the corresponding query to ease the use with callback pattern, which is not needed for the output result in CIS2 query functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In CIS1 the callback result includes the corresponding query to ease the use of the callback pattern. The query information is not needed in the output of CIS2 query functions.
```

> Instead the result are required to be the same length and order as the queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the results are required to be the same length and order as the queries.
```

In CIS2 smart contract functions are not required to fail with a specific error code as in CIS1. This is to allow receive functions to fail early for reason specific to the implementation such as authorization or serialization.

> Prior to smart contract version 1 invoking another smart contract required to know the contract name as well as the contract address and endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to smart contract version 1, invoking another smart contract required knowing the contract name as well as the contract address and endpoint.
```

General types and serialization
-------------------------------

.. _CIS-2-TokenID:

``TokenID``
^^^^^^^^^^^

Token Identifier, which combined with the address of the smart contract instance implementing CIS2, forms the globally unique identifier of a token type.

- A token ID for a token type SHALL NOT change after a token type has been minted.
- A token ID for a token type SHALL NOT be reused for another token type within the same smart contract.

A token ID is serialized as 1 byte for the size (``n``) of the identifier, followed by this number of bytes for the token id (``id``)::

  TokenID ::= (n: Byte) (id: Byteⁿ)

.. note::

  Token IDs can be as small as a single byte (by setting the first byte to the value 0) or as big as 256 bytes leaving more than 10^614 possible token IDs.
  The token ID could be an encoding of a small text string or some checksum hash, but to save energy it is still recommended to use small token IDs if possible.

.. _CIS-2-TokenAmount:

``TokenAmount``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> An amount of a token type is an unsigned integer up to 2^256.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An amount of a token type is an unsigned integer up to (but not including) 2^256.
```
It's technically up to `2^256 - 1`

Author: ```suggestion
An amount of a token type is an unsigned integer up to 2^256 - 1.
```

  Be aware of the size limit on contract function parameters which is currently 1024 bytes, which puts a limit on the number of queries depending on the byte size of the Token ID.

Response
~~~~~~~~

The function output is a list of token metadata URLs.

It is serialized as: 2 bytes for the number of queries (``n``) and then this number of :ref:`CIS-2-MetadataUrl` (``results``)::

  TokenMetadataResultParameter ::= (n: Byte²) (results: MetadataUrlⁿ)

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- The number of results in the response MUST correspond to the number of the queries in the parameter.
- The order of results in the response MUST correspond to the order of queries in the parameter.
- The contract function MUST NOT increase or decrease the balance of any address for any token type.
- The contract function MUST NOT add or remove any operator for any address.
- The contract function MUST reject if any of the queries fail:

  - A query MUST fail if the token ID is unknown.

Logged events
-------------

The idea of the logged events for this specification is for off-chain applications to be able to track balances and operators without knowledge of the contract-specific implementation details.

> For this reason, it is important for the token contract to log the appropriate event, anytime modifications of balances or operators are made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this reason, it is important for the token contract to log the appropriate event, any time modifications of balances or operators are made.
```

    "thumbnail": { "url": "https://location.of/the/thumbnail.png" },
    "display": { "url": "https://location.of/the/display.png" },
    "attributes": [{
      "type": "date",
      "name": "Birthday",
      "value": "1629792199610"
    }, {
      "type": "string",
      "name": "Body",
      "value": "Strong"
    }, {
      "type": "string",
      "name": "Head",
      "value": "Round"
    }, {
      "type": "string",
      "name": "Tail",
      "value": "Short"
    }],
    "localization": {
      "da-DK": {
        "url": "https://location.of/the/danish/metadata.json",
        "hash": "588d7c14883231cfee522479cc66565fd9a50024603a7b8c99bd7869ca2f0ea3"
      }
    }
  }

The danish localization JSON file could be:

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "name": "Bibi - Ryan katten",
    "description": "Ryan katte er ensomme væsner, som rejser rundt i galaxen søgende efter deres forfædre og sande arv"
  }

.. _CIS-2-smart-contract-limitations:

Smart contract limitations
==========================

A number of limitations are important to be aware of:

- Smart contract function parameters are limited to 1 KiB.
- Each logged event is limited to 0.5 KiB.

> - The number of logged events is limited to 64 in a contract function invocation.
>   However, invoking another contract function during a contract call, resets the count and allows another 64 events to be logged.

Reviewer 2: This is a strange phrasing. 
```suggestion
- The number of logged events is limited to 64 without invoking another contract.
  However invoking another contract function during a contract call resets the count and allows another 64 events to be logged.
```

No token-level approval/allowance like in ERC20 and ERC721
----------------------------------------------------------

This standard only specifies address-level operators and not token-level operators.
The main argument is simplicity and to save energy cost on common cases, but other reasons are:

- Token-level operators require the token smart contract to track more state, which increases the overall energy cost.
- For token smart contracts with a lot of token types, such as a smart contract with a large collection of NFTs, token-level operators could become very expensive.
- For fungible tokens; `approval/allowance introduces an attack vector <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YLPtQxZu1UAvO9cZ1O2RPXBbT0mooh4DYKjA_jp-RLM/edit>`_.

.. note::

  The specification does not prevent adding more fine-grained authorization, such as token-level operators.

Receive hook function
---------------------

The specification requires a token receive hook to be invoked on a smart contract receiving tokens, this will in some cases prevent mistakes such as sending tokens to smart contracts which do not define behavior for receiving tokens.
These token could then be lost forever.

> The reason for this not being optional is to allow other smart contracts which integrate with a token smart contract to rely on this for functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for this not being optional is to allow other smart contracts, which integrate with a token smart contract, to rely on this for functionality.
```

.. warning::

>   The smart contract receive hook function can be called by any smart contract and it is up to the integrating contract whether to trust the token contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The smart contract receive hook function can be called by any account or smart contract. It is up to the integrating contract whether it should trust the caller or not.
```

Making it more explicit instead of special case transfer events.

No error code for receive hook rejecting
----------------------------------------

The specification could include an error code for the receive hook function to return if rejecting the token transferred (as seen in the `FA2 standard <https://gitlab.com/tezos/tzip/-/blob/master/proposals/tzip-12/tzip-12.md#error-handling>`_ on Tezos).
But we chose to leave this error code up to the receiving smart contract, which allows for more informative error codes.

Adding SHA256 checksum for token metadata event
-----------------------------------------------

A token can optionally include a SHA256 checksum when logging the token metadata event, this is to ensure the integrity of the token metadata.
This checksum can be updated by logging a new event.

Differences from CIS1
---------------------

The query functions :ref:`CIS-2-functions-balanceOf`, :ref:`CIS-2-functions-operatorOf`, and :ref:`CIS-2-functions-tokenMetadata` differ from CIS1.

> The query functions in CIS1 use a callback pattern to output the result of a query. However, starting from Concordium smart contract v1, a smart contract receive function can output bytes back to the invoker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The query functions in CIS1 use a callback pattern to output the result of a query. However, starting from Concordium smart contract version 1, a smart contract receive function can return values back to the invoker.
```

  {
    "name": "Bibi - Ryan katten",
    "description": "Ryan katte er ensomme væsner, som rejser rundt i galaxen søgende efter deres forfædre og sande arv"
  }

.. _CIS-2-smart-contract-limitations:

Smart contract limitations
==========================

A number of limitations are important to be aware of:

- Smart contract function parameters are limited to 1 KiB.
- Each logged event is limited to 0.5 KiB.

> - The number of logged events is limited to 64 in a contract function invocation. Invoking another contract function will allow another 64 events to be logged.

Author: I agree it is not clear...
I have tried to rephrase it

> - The number of logged events is limited to 64 in a contract function invocation. Invoking another contract function will allow another 64 events to be logged.

Reviewer: I think this is OK now.

Differences from CIS1
---------------------

The query functions :ref:`CIS-2-functions-balanceOf`, :ref:`CIS-2-functions-operatorOf`, and :ref:`CIS-2-functions-tokenMetadata` differ from CIS1.

> The query functions in CIS1 use a callback pattern to output the result of a query, but starting from Concordium smart contract v1; a smart contract receive function can output bytes back to the invoker.

Author: ```suggestion
The query functions in CIS1 use a callback pattern to output the result of a query. However, starting from Concordium smart contract v1, a smart contract receive function can output bytes back to the invoker.
```
